108 page view tracking support (#119)
SRGSSR/pillarbox-android: pillarbox-analytics/docs/README.md

    commandersAct = CommandersAct.Config(virtualSite = YOUR_APP_SITE_NAME, sourceKey =  CommandersAct.Config.SRG_DEBUG)
)

SRGAnalytics.init(appContext = appContext, config = config)
```

### Send page view

By using `SRGAnalytics.sendPageView` directly the page views will always be sent.
It is preferable to use `SRGPageViewTracker`to handle page views as it will handle when application goes in background. The SRG analytics team 

> require that page view event are send again when coming back from background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requires that page view events are sent again when coming back from background.
```
